README.md, before:

# Nuggies
Nuggies is a compact and easy to use multipurpose discord bot with loads of commands and features like automeme, moderation, actions, information, fun, chatbot and more! You can invite Nuggies by clicking [here](https://top.gg/bot/779741162465525790/invite)!


# How to run the bot?


1. make a .env file from .env.example
2. get the tokens from the following websites:
- [monkedev](https://monkedev.com/api)
- [otakugifs](https://otakugifs.xyz)
- [mongodb](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [dbl](https://top.gg) (only do this if you have a bot on top.gg)
- [bot token](https://discord.com/developers/applications) <br>
and paste it in the .env
3. install the dependencies using `npm install`
4. run the `node index.js` command


# Reporting Bugs/issues


You can report bugs or issues by opening a issue in the github repository or by joining the [support server](https://discord.gg/AUHYW4J6GT).


# Support


If you encounter any problems please join the [support server](https://discord.gg/AUHYW4J6GT) and we will be ready to help!

Commit message:

update readme and example env

README.md, after:

# Nuggies
Nuggies is a compact and easy to use multipurpose discord bot with loads of commands and features like automeme, moderation, actions, information, fun, chatbot and more! You can invite Nuggies by clicking [here](https://top.gg/bot/779741162465525790/invite)!


# How to run the bot?


1. make a .env file from .env.example
2. get the tokens from the following websites:
- [monkedev](https://monkedev.com/api)
- [otakugifs](https://otakugifs.xyz)
- [mongodb](https://www.mongodb.com/)
- [dbl](https://top.gg) (only do this if you have a bot on top.gg)
- [bot token](https://discord.com/developers/applications) <br>
3. get 4 webhooks for these purposes:
- command loging
- restart/ready logs
- err logs
- unhandled rejections logs

4. paste the tokens and webhooks ids and tokens into the `.env`. Check out `.example.env` for more!
5. install the dependencies using `npm install`
6. run the `node index.js` command


# Reporting Bugs/issues


You can report bugs or issues by opening a issue in the github repository or by joining the [support server](https://discord.gg/AUHYW4J6GT).


# Support


If you encounter any problems please join the [support server](https://discord.gg/AUHYW4J6GT) and we will be ready to help!
